README.md, before:

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
# Book Search Engine

## Description

On this website we use graphql to handle all requests between client side and server side. You can create an account and login through mutations, save and remove books from your account through mutations, and view all your saved book through a query. There is an API request to google books to get their books but everything else is handled in this site. This site utilizes jwt to handle presistent login. Just log in and start searching and saving!

## Table of Contents

* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [License](#license)

## Technologies

| Technology | Link |
| -------- | ------|
| HTML |   |
| Javascript |    |
| React | https://reactjs.org/ |
| Node.js | https://nodejs.org/en/ |
| npm | https://www.npmjs.com/ |

## Installation

If you want to run this project on your local machine just clone the repository and run npm install. From there all you need to do is type npm run develop to launch the server and the client side react site. You will need to have mongoDB running as well since this project uses mongodb to handle CRUD operations.

## Usage

## Questions
If you have any questions you can reach me at:  
Github: cmwschroeder  
Github link: https://github.com/cmwschroeder  
Email: cmwschroeder@gmail.com

## License

Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

added link to deployed page and more technologies to list to readme

README.md, after:

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
# Book Search Engine

## Description

On this website we use graphql to handle all requests between client side and server side. You can create an account and login through mutations, save and remove books from your account through mutations, and view all your saved book through a query. There is an API request to google books to get their books but everything else is handled in this site. This site utilizes jwt to handle presistent login. Just log in and start searching and saving!

## Table of Contents

* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Link](#link)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [License](#license)

## Technologies

| Technology | Link |
| -------- | ------|
| HTML |   |
| Javascript |    |
| React | https://reactjs.org/ |
| graphql | https://graphql.org/ |
| apollo | https://www.apollographql.com/ |
| Node.js | https://nodejs.org/en/ |
| npm | https://www.npmjs.com/ |
| jwt | https://jwt.io/ |
| bcrypt | https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt |

## Installation

If you want to run this project on your local machine just clone the repository and run npm install. From there all you need to do is type npm run develop to launch the server and the client side react site. You will need to have mongoDB running as well since this project uses mongodb to handle CRUD operations.  

## Link

https://sleepy-journey-91001.herokuapp.com/

## Usage

## Questions
If you have any questions you can reach me at:  
Github: cmwschroeder  
Github link: https://github.com/cmwschroeder  
Email: cmwschroeder@gmail.com

## License

Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE)
